Add arg use-api-server-cache to set resourceVersion=0 for ListWatch (#1548)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: docs/cli-arguments.md

      --telemetry-port int               Port to expose kube-state-metrics self metrics on. (default 8081)
      --tls-config string                Path to the TLS configuration file
      --total-shards int                 The total number of shards. Sharding is disabled when total shards is set to 1. (default 1)

>       --use-api-server-cache             Set resourceVersion=0 for ListWatch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --use-apiserver-cache             Sets resourceVersion=0 for ListWatch requests, using cached resources from the apiserver instead of an etcd quorum read.
```
rename the flag to be consistent with how we use apiserver in flags
